notes.md, before:


        
[] add second api to shorten link.
[] Change recipe ingredients to a paragraph rather than 
[] Give this thing a title and add a menu bar.
[] Find font for title

[] style shopping list card and ingredients.
[] If a request returns a recipe with no thumbnail, generate an image with the recipe.title and render that instead.
[] find a way to trigger flow from one section to the next.
[] styling for desktop
[] update css variables
[] Show link to website, open website in new tab.


[] Check to see that all code is readable
[] How many ingredients overlap in your fridge and recipe?
[] Strikethrough on existing ingredients in shopping list and grey out text, make checkbox inactive.

[] When do i fire post request?
[x] Add link button
[] add event listener for copy link
[] create fetch request to 

[] add copy to clipboard button

POST https://rel.ink/api/links/

{
  "url": "https://news.ycombinator.com/"
}
      
[] add copy to clip board
[] 

Stretch Goals
Interaction
[] CORS Anywhere NODE proxy
[] Scrape website link for first image?
[] Make fridge bar?




btn grey lighten-2 #e0e0e0

btn green darken-1

card - amber

blue-grey-darken-4-text #263238

```css
/* define it */
:root {
  --color-name: color;
}

/* use it */

.selector {
  background-color: var(--main-bg-color);
}

```

Commit message:

open recipe in new tab

notes.md, after:


        
[] Give this thing a title and add a menu bar.
[] Find font for title

[] If a request returns a recipe with no thumbnail, generate an image with the recipe.title and render that instead.
[] find a way to trigger flow from one section to the next.
[] styling for desktop
[] update css variables

[x] Show link to website, open website in new tab.



[] Check to see that all code is readable
[] How many ingredients overlap in your fridge and recipe?
[] Strikethrough on existing ingredients in shopping list and grey out text, make checkbox inactive.


[] add second api to shorten link.
[] When do i fire post request?
[x] Add link button
[x] add event listener for copy link
[x] create fetch request to (template created)
  [] issue!! fetch request not working.

[] add copy to clipboard button

POST https://rel.ink/api/links/

{
  "url": "https://news.ycombinator.com/"
}
      
[] add copy to clip board
[] 

Stretch Goals
Interaction
[] CORS Anywhere NODE proxy
[] Scrape website link for first image?
[] Make fridge bar?




btn grey lighten-2 #e0e0e0

btn green darken-1

card - amber

blue-grey-darken-4-text #263238

```css
/* define it */
:root {
  --color-name: color;
}

/* use it */

.selector {
  background-color: var(--main-bg-color);
}

```
